[RNMobile] Adjust Range-Control to add the stepper control and allow type selection (#21465)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/src/range-control/README.md

- Required: No
- Platform: Mobile

#### type

> Define if the value selection should present a stepper control or a slider control in the bottom sheet on mobile. Defaults to `slider` if no option is provided.
> 
> - Type: `String Enum`
> - Values: `none` | `slider` | `stepper`
> - Required: No
> - Platform: Mobile

Reviewer: I wonder about these values since the only value that will be checked is `stepper` so maybe we could remove `slider` as an option?

What do think about something like:

```suggestion
Define if the value selection should present a stepper control or a slider control in the bottom sheet on mobile. To use the stepper set the type value as  `stepper`. Defaults to slider if no option is provided.

- Type: `String`
- Required: No
- Platform: Mobile
```

Author: This works for me!
